APIGOV-27632 - add advanced search description (#437)
Axway/amplify-central: content/en/docs/manage_marketplace/consumer_experience/searching.md

* Documentation (markdown only)
* Categories

> Once you hit Enter, the corresponding matching product are displayed. You can use the [filters](#refine-your-findings-with-filters) to farther refine the search or use the [Advanced search](#advanced-search) to create more complex queries.

Reviewer: After testing, I don't think you need to press enter to get the search results. They are displayed as you type. I suggest:

"The corresponding matching product are displayed. You can use the [filters](#refine-your-findings-with-filters) to refine the search or use the [Advanced search](#advanced-search) to create more complex queries."

Author: We changed that behavior. Now you will have to type Enter to get to the result.

    * When entering multiple words, you can decide the operator between those words: **OR** or **AND**. The drop-down on the matching parameter and on the operator allows you to adjust your criteria.
    * Click the **-** to remove the criteria. Click **Clear all** To reset the component.

2. Once you are satisfied with your criteria, click **Search**. You are redirected to the [Advanced search result page](#advanced-search-result-page).

Click **Reset** to remove the selected criteria and refresh the product list to the one that is visible by the user.

Click **Basic Search** to return to the Basic Search bar at any time.

#### Advanced search result page

> When reaching that page, the search result is split to help you understand where the result were found:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you understand where your advanced search results were found, the results are displayed by product, product resources, and product documentation.
```

* in the product itself
* in the product resources
* in the product documentation

> By default the All tab is visible and regroup all result in the same place. If there is no match for one type, the corresponding section remain collapsed and cannot be expanded. This view is limited to the first 25 results. You can see more details by using the **View all** buttons or by navigating via the tab menu (All -> Products - Resources - Documents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the *All* tab displays the advanced search results. If no match is found in an area of search (product/product resources/product documentation), then the corresponding results section will not expand to display the results. If results are found, the view will be limited to the first 25. Click **View all** or navigate the tab menu (All > Products/Resources/Documents) to view all results.
```

Each result, the name is a link that redirect you to the appropriate page in the product details page.

> The breadcrumb at the top of the page enables to navigate from where you came (Home page / Browse product page).

Reviewer: {{< alert title="Tip" color="secondary" >}}Navigate back to your previous location by using the breadcrumb at the top of the page{{< /alert >}}
